NMS-15627: Updated docs (#6065)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/configuration/data-collection.adoc

* Number of Newts samples inserted.
* Number of queued updates completed.
* Number of virtual appliances, Mini appliances, and 1U appliances that are connected to the system.

> * Whether OpenNMS is running inside a containerized environment like Docker or Podman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whether {page-component-title} is running inside a containerized environment like Docker or Podman.
```
